---
layout: post
title: "Summary of the last meeting (meeting 2)"
categories: announcements, meeting
author: "JBBgameich"
---

Last meeting we mainly talked about the organization of our project. Like every time, not everybody who wanted could take part, but Bushan Shah, Marius Gripsgard, Rohan Garg, Topias (toxip) and JBBgameich could join.

We decided on using the Ubports android tree, for the reason, there are many needed patches which aren't included in a patchset we need for libhybris. The tree is based on Android 5.1 or CyanogenMod 12.1. We will update it after the early proof of concept, but we needed a known working tree for easier debugging first.

Github will be our management platform, and we'll use GitHub's integrated project board. When Bushan Shah started adding our first tasks, he figured out GitHub has quite some limitations, so we maybe will move again soon.

For a repository of packages needed for easily updating and bootstrapping out PoC, we decided on not using launchpad, but selfhost repositories on existing Plasma Mobile and Ubports servers.

The same applies to CI servers, probably there will also be existing servers of the named project be used and rebranded.

Our document is slowly completing. It's now converted to markdown and accessible on Github.

You might have already seen our new logo when visiting this website.

![](/img/haliumtext.png)
![](/img/haliumlogo.png)
